Please check the date and time of your presentation, then reply to this email with your confirmation of acceptance by [INSERT CONFIRM DEADLINE] to ev-fair@call-is.org. It is very important that you check all the details of your presentation. 

Have in mind that titles may be edited to fewer than 50 characters. If you want to redefine the title of you presentation or correct any detail, also send the changes to ev-fair@call-is.org by [INSERT CONFIRM DEADLINE].

Please communicate to us any updates to the equipment needs listed in your initial proposal and verify any co-presenters' names and email addresses.  Since you are the contact or primary person listed, it is your responsibility to inform co-presenters of the status of this presentation.

If you submitted more than one presentation, you may receive a rejection for a presentation we were unable to accommodate.  If you receive such a rejection notice, please understand this applies to your other proposal and not to the one in this email.
 
Please show up 10 minutes in advance of your presentation to set up.  Remember that you will give your presentation twice during your assigned Technology Fair; you will have 20 - 25 minutes to complete it each time.  Prompt completion of your presentation will be appreciated by both the next presenter and the EV staff. 
 
Also, if you are scheduled at "PC" or a "Mac" station, you have two computers for your use during your presentation, with presenters on either side of your station, so we would ask that you control your volume as a courtesy to the other presenters. If you are scheduled at a "BYOD" station, you will need to bring your own computer or device and will set up at the circular tables in the center of the room.  
 
Finally, we recommend that you bring at least 30 handouts for your audience with information from your presentation or have a link that participants can copy to find further information online. 
 
Thank you in advance for your cooperation and for your willingness to share your knowledge.  Please let us know if you have any questions or concerns.  The Electronic Village team looks forward to seeing you at the convention!